Add WinUSB fallback for HIMS Braille Sense/EDGE displays blocked by Windows 11 driver signing (#20555)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/changes.md

* Object descriptions are now reported for .NET Framework Windows Forms ToolStrip menu items exposed through UI Automation. (#20486, @Cary-rowen)
* NVDA now reports the selected item when using the arrow keys in collapsed .NET Framework Windows Forms combo boxes. (#17454, @Cary-rowen)
* The Add-on Store no longer becomes unresponsive when navigating the list of add-ons quickly, such as by holding down an arrow key. (#17351, @christopherpross)

> * HIMS Braille Sense/Braille EDGE displays connected via USB are detected again on Windows 11 systems where the vendor's himsusb.sys driver cannot be installed, by falling back to WinUSB when the vendor's WinUSB driver package is installed for the device. (#20555, @KihunJang1981)

Reviewer: Is the WinUSB driver included with the [Hims USB drivers that we link to in the User Guide"](http://www.himsintl.com/upload/HIMS_USB_Driver_v25.zip)? If not, we need to update the User Guide to document where and how to get it.

Author: It's not included — that driver package is a separate download from a different host/format (.zip vs .exe). I've added a note to the User Guide (HIMS section) pointing to the WinUSB driver package (https://hims-product.s3.ap-northeast-2.amazonaws.com/Util/HIMS_Braille_Driver_V3_1.exe) for Windows 11 systems where the standard driver can't be installed.

> * HIMS Braille Sense/Braille EDGE displays connected via USB are detected again on Windows 11 systems where the vendor's himsusb.sys driver cannot be installed, by falling back to WinUSB when the vendor's WinUSB driver package is installed for the device. (#20555, @KihunJang1981)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* HIMS Braille Sense and Braille EDGE displays connected via USB now work on systems where the older HIMS USB driver cannot be installed, such as Windows 11. (#20555, @KihunJang1981)
  * On these systems, install the [HIMS WinUSB driver](https://hims-product.s3.ap-northeast-2.amazonaws.com/Util/HIMS_Braille_Driver_V3_1.exe) instead.
```
